[Docs] Explain Icons SVG size (#2670)
symfony/ux: src/Icons/doc/index.rst

    {{ ux_icon('user-profile', {height: '16px', width: '16px', 'aria-hidden': true}) }}
    {# renders <svg height="16" width="16" aria-hidden="true"> ... </svg> #}

> .. note::
> 
>     Without size instructions, ``<svg>`` elements will be dynamically sized by the browser.
>     For icons, we therefore recommend to explicitly set the size. This can be done with a
>     CSS class or a height attribute in pixels, with variables of your CSS framework or using
>     ``em`` to set the size in relation to the font size of the current element.
> 
>     Note that it is enough to specify the height, the width will be adjusted accordingly:
> 
>     .. code-block:: twig
> 
>         {{ ux_icon('user-profile', {style: 'height: 1em;'}) }}
> 
>     For a consistent look, you might want to set the size through a
>     :ref:`default attribute <icons_default_attributes>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Icon Sizes
~~~~~~~~

.. note::
    ``<svg>`` elements will be dynamically sized by the browser.
    For icons, we therefore recommend to explicitly set the size. 

To align icons naturally with surrounding text and inherit font sizing, use ``em``
units. This works well for buttons, links, or inline text. Defining the height alone
 is sufficient—the width will scale proportionally:

.. code-block::twig
        {# Twig function #}
        {{ ux_icon('user-profile', {style: 'height: 1em;'}) }}

        {# HTML syntax #}        
        <twig:ux:icon name="profile" style="height: 1em;" />

If your project uses a CSS framework like Tailwind or Bootstrap, prefer their 
sizing utilities for consistency and theming:

.. code-block::twig
        {# Twig function #}
        {{ ux_icon('bi:chat', {class: 'size-4'}) }}

        {# HTML syntax #}        
        <twig:ux:icon name="bi:chat" class="size-4" />

To keep your design consistent and easily adjustable, consider defining a :ref:default attribute <icons_default_attributes>. This allows you to control the size of all your icons from a single place.

```

wdyt?
